hey guys I got any video for you today
and this is going to be a quick look at
an interesting little gadget that I
found a couple weeks ago and decided to
pick it up just as an impulse buy now if
you guys see here in front of you is
just a regular water bottle now I
sometimes find myself carrying these on
a regular basis they're pretty cheap you
know you drink it throw it away and
things like that but you know sometimes
it does take me a little while to to
drink the whole thing I just kind of
save it throughout the day maybe refill
it and then once i'm done i'll go ahead
and throw it out the one thing is that
if I'm not carrying an easy bag
sometimes when I'm candies I have to
probably put it into a cargo pocket or
just you know kind of carry it around in
my hand just like that as I'm walking
around doing different things and things
like that so in comes the gadget that I
found and it's this right here this is
the nite ize drink and clip so obviously
as you guys can see this is a stainless
steel clip for a standard water bottle
in the end right here you do get a small
size 0 s beaner and as you guys can see
by the picture once you clip this onto
the bottle you can actually put it onto
your belt loop or if you guys see here
in the back you can attach it to a pack
the clip goes in the bottle then the
neck of the bottle right here so it
doesn't obstruct taking off the cap and
drinking from it and things like that
and then the SBA is actually designed so
you can clip it for storage so in other
words once you're done instead of you
know sticking this in the pocket of an
EDC bag or in your cargo pocket or
something like that you can actually
clip this you know onto the side of the
bag or whatnot and then you know go
ahead and use it again so I'll go ahead
and take it out of the packaging here
and we'll test it on this bottle just
click this right here and here obviously
I would not be using this with the SP
nor attached to it it just kind of gets
in the way of you know when I were to
slide it onto my belt loop or to a pack
or something like that so there it is
pretty easy
move so here it is it's obviously under
a little bit of tension but because it
is a you know fairly it's not very
Bridget you can go ahead and tighten it
if they were to loosen up or anything
like that and there it is just snaps on
the bottle right there you do have the
nite ize logo raking on the side and you
know arm for what it is it definitely
looks like it will you know sort of its
purpose like I mentioned before you're
still able to go ahead and remove the
cap and you know use it it's not going
to get in the way or anything like that
then once you're done only you do is
just pull it right off the bottle and
you know it's good to go to attach to
another bottle so it does have a little
bit of flex so if you get a bottle with
a little bit wider neck you would
probably be able to put it on there but
again it's probably designed more for
this size some type of bottle this is
the 16.9 fluid ounces so again um this
is not definitely something that you
need right off the bat or you know you
should go out and purchase unless again
like if you're like myself you do find
yourself carrying these on a daily basis
basis because they are very convenience
they're pretty cheap you know just the
different brands and things like that
and you know you go ahead and throw one
of these on there and then you can clip
it onto your belt loop or onto a pack
and you know you don't have to worry
about it you know sloshing around inside
of the bag or anything like that so
there it is this is the nite ize drink
and clip let me know you guys have any
questions thanks